id: preserve selectors for "task" and "workflow" properties (#5188)
cylc/cylc-flow: CHANGES.md

[#5192](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/pull/5192) - Recompute runahead limit
after use of `cylc remove`.

[#5188](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/pull/5188) -

> Fix task state selectors in the `cylc trigger` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix task state selectors in `cylc trigger` and other commands.
```
